I'm so sorry, Mr. Li
This blue dream was borrowed by our boss.
Just put it in the store for display.
Not for sale
I accidentally took it wrong just now.
Please choose another one. What do you mean you got it wrong?
Since it is served, there is no reason not to sell it.
Li Fushui
What kind of prestige are you playing with a little girl?
I didn't want you to buy it anyway.
I think it's okay, I'm going to order this diamond
Tell your store manager
I'll take this diamond.
He can talk about the price
I can afford hundreds of millions.
Unexpectedly, the second young master of the Li family in Beihai
Only buy and sell
Big bully small
Better than those skinny rascals out there
A scumbag like you
Where can I see the value of this blue diamond?
Besides, I can't understand how I feel about seeking truth
Not to mention diamonds of this caliber
It's a treasure in your eyes
I have countless more
That sucks.
Why don't you say you own the world
Power is all over the world
I do stand on the clouds and overlook the world
You're not afraid to blow up the day
Since you treasure countless things
Then do you recognize this blue diamond?
This blue diamond is called Blue Dream
Originally set on Queen Catherine's scepter
Then the empire fell
Lost World
After several turnarounds
Finally in my hands